Do you like this wedding dress?
This is what I asked the world's top designers to design for you alone this afternoon.
It's so pretty.
Mom
That's expensive
Money is not a problem
As long as you like
And I think it looks great on you.
Mom wants to throw you a big wedding
Thanks, Mom.
Old woman waiting for me to cheat you out of your money
I see if you can still be so atmospheric
Mom will owe you so much
Mom will do nothing in the future
Just accompany you
Hundred times thousand times compensation hello
I won't let you take it away
What are you saying?
What did he say?
Let's just take the money and do something.
You said it was really your father who came to sit
Drink more now
I can only go in if I drink too much